## Loomify
Inspired by [MCP-Reborn](https://github.com/Hexeption/MCP-Reborn/), Loomify is a tool for researching Minecraft's code. It is based on [Fabric Loom](https://github.com/FabricMC/fabric-loom).

### Important
- You are NOT allowed to publish any code generated by this tool
- By default, this project uses official Mojang mappings where available - the current license for these can be found [here](https://gist.githubusercontent.com/Dinnerbone/07b20a9f02e50a569217df6449cc1185/raw/fa723cc206ab99767aef437ba462ab0d8ec940b6/gistfile1.txt)

### Usage
Import the project, then run the `gradlew setup` task. This will generate the sources then place them in the `src/` directory.

Theoretically supports any Minecraft version that Loom itself does by changing the values in `gradle.properties`.

Allows you to use any of the decompilers provided by Loom, can be configured in the `gradle.properties`.

Loomify uses Gradle toolchains to ensure the correct JDK is used. You will need to make sure Gradle can discover or download a toolchain for the language version of whatever Minecraft version you are working with.

- Java 8: 1.14.x - 1.16.x
- Java 16: 1.17.x
- Java 17: 1.18.x - 1.20.4
- Java 21: 1.20.5+

You can read more about Gradle toolchains [here](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/toolchains.html).

### Running and Compiling
Currently, Loomify has no work done to allow for running or compiling the game from source. 

This project was primarily created for my personal use case, which is strictly research. Support for these may be added eventually, however it should be possible to manually fix decompilation errors and create a run configuration if you are desperate.

### Why?
MCP Reborn, while extremely handy, has fallen victim to the relative dormancy of the Forge project. This is as it relies heavily on their toolchain. Loomify was born out of a desire to avoid this issue. 

While it does work for what I used to use MCP Reborn for, it is not a drop in replacement for all use cases. Making one would be easier starting from the ground up with a dedicated Gradle plugin. This project serves as a temporary stand in for that future project.

### Acknowledgements
- FabricMC for making any of this possible
- Hexeption for the original idea